feat: add ToSorted function to return a sorted copy of a slice (#413)
samber/lo: README.md

- [Compact](#compact)
- [IsSorted](#issorted)
- [IsSortedByKey](#issortedbykey)

> - [ToSorted](#tosorted)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Sort](#sort)
```

[[play](https://go.dev/play/p/wiG6XyBBu49)]

> ### ToSorted
> 
> Return a sorted copy of a slice.
> 
> ```go
> sorted := lo.ToSorted([]int{0, 1, 4, 3, 2})
> // [0 1 2 3 4]
> ```
> 
> [[play](https://go.dev/play/p/G4-aR2Yxh3M)]

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### Sort

Return a sorted copy of a slice.

```go
sorted := lo.Sort([]int{0, 1, 4, 3, 2})
// [0 1 2 3 4]
```

[[play](https://go.dev/play/p/G4-aR2Yxh3M)]
````
